Improve SDK events documentation with detailed search result data structures (KOALA-3004) (#623)
canvas-medical/documentation: collections/_guides/customize-search-results.md

The dropdown of options presented to the user now reflects our modifications!

## Understanding Search Result Data Structures

> The search results in this example follow the MedicationSearchResult structure. Each result contains fields like `id`, `display`, `annotations`, and `extra.coding[]` that provide detailed information about the medication option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The search results in this example follow the MedicationSearchResult structure. Each result contains fields like `id`, `national_drug_code `, `status`, and `potency_unit_code` that provide detailed information about the medication option.
```
